tree-root
left = true  right = true

tree-root-left
left = true  right = false
jump = Some(1)

tree-root-left-left
left = true  right = false
jump = Some(1)

tree-root-left-left-left
left = true  right = true

tree-root-left-left-left-left
value = Some(0)
left = false  right = false
prev = None
next = Some(1)

tree-root-left-left-left-right
value = Some(1)
left = false  right = false
prev = Some(0)
next = Some(9)

tree-root-right
left = true  right = true

tree-root-right-left
left = true  right = false
jump = Some(9)

tree-root-right-left-left
left = false  right = true
jump = Some(9)

tree-root-right-left-left-right
value = Some(9)
left = false  right = false
prev = Some(1)
next = Some(15)

tree-root-right-right
left = false  right = true
jump = Some(15)

tree-root-right-right-right
left = false  right = true
jump = Some(15)

tree-root-right-right-right-right
value = Some(15)
left = false  right = false
prev = Some(9)
next = None

tobe-root
left = true  right = true

tobe-root-left
left = true  right = false
jump = Some(1)

tobe-root-left-left
left = true  right = false
jump = Some(1)

tobe-root-left-left-left
left = true  right = true

tobe-root-left-left-left-left
value = Some(0)
left = false  right = false
prev = None
next = Some(1)

tobe-root-left-left-left-right
value = Some(1)
left = false  right = false
prev = Some(0)
next = Some(9)

tobe-root-right
left = true  right = true

tobe-root-right-left
left = true  right = false
jump = Some(9)

tobe-root-right-left-left
left = false  right = true
jump = Some(9)

tobe-root-right-left-left-right
value = Some(9)
left = false  right = false
prev = Some(1)
next = Some(15)

tobe-root-right-right
left = false  right = true
jump = Some(15)

tobe-root-right-right-right
left = false  right = true
jump = Some(15)

tobe-root-right-right-right-right
value = Some(15)
left = false  right = false
prev = Some(9)
next = None
from prev